<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<html id="data-uuid-96feb3b6766c4156b2b9e1e0cd791959" data-uuid="96feb3b6766c4156b2b9e1e0cd791959" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Acknowledgments</title>
        <meta charset="utf-8" />
        <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="screen" href="../../assets/css/main.css" />
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css" /><link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/epub_main.css" /><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body class="card-front-matter card-acknowledgments">
        <header id="data-uuid-18d85472fb0b4737a885a92c8360a6e8" data-uuid="18d85472fb0b4737a885a92c8360a6e8">
            <h1 id="data-uuid-3d8baa5612c142edb24941a5dec043fb" data-uuid="3d8baa5612c142edb24941a5dec043fb">Acknowledgments</h1>
        </header>
        <p id="data-uuid-3f52f46fa9624270b3bc1c960d140c5f" data-uuid="3f52f46fa9624270b3bc1c960d140c5f"><b><i></i></b></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-35d9ba5f95a44eeeb92967b1d719c064" data-uuid="35d9ba5f95a44eeeb92967b1d719c064" class="no-indent">Dr. Sylvia Mader represents one of the icons of science education. Her dedication to her students, coupled to her clear, concise writing style, has benefited the education of thousands of students over the past 4 decades. As an educator, it is an honor to continue her legacy, and to bring her message to the next generation of students.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-684d882304e34df5a743109a3583abf9" data-uuid="684d882304e34df5a743109a3583abf9">
            Any textbook revision is based on the input of numerous instructors and professors. They are all dedicated and talented teachers, and their passion is evident in the quality of this text. Thank you also to the countless instructors who have invited me into their classrooms, both physically and virtually, to discuss their needs as instructors and the needs of their students. Your energy, and devotion to quality teaching, is what drives a textbook revision.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-8fe16a914b4d4433a805915a5e0db983" data-uuid="8fe16a914b4d4433a805915a5e0db983">This project was one of the first at McGraw-Hill be to produced within a new authoring platform, and luckily for me, I had the assistance of many dedicated and talented individuals to produce this project<i>. </i>I would like to thank Inkling, specifically Dana Lindsey and Stephen Hayes for their assistance and encouragement.
            
            I am also very grateful for the help of so many professionals at McGraw-Hill who were involved in the development of this project. In particular, let me thank my program manager, Angela Fitzpatrick, and product developer, Anne Winch, for not only keeping me on track and offering their valuable advice at every step of the project, but for their endless patience. My brand manager for this text was Chris Loewenberg. The digital production of this text was a pilot for McGraw-Hill, and Chris has the natural ability of keeping me focused and reminding me of the impact we are making in education. Thanks also to my marketing manager, Chris Ho, who offers an unique insight on the needs of our students. No modern team would be complete without digital support, and for that I thank Eric Weber and Christine Carlson.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-8d25b2544b4d48f99cac27f5f4c5a0bb" data-uuid="8d25b2544b4d48f99cac27f5f4c5a0bb">Production of this text was directed by Jayne Klein, who faithfully steered this project through the publication process. I was very lucky to have Dawnelle Krouse, Deb Debord, and Rose Kramer as proofreaders and copy editors. Today’s textbooks are visual productions, and so I need to thank the creative talents of David Hash. David consistently provided innovative solutions for this edition. As always, Lori Hancock and Evelyn Jo Johnson did a superb job of finding just the right photographs and micrographs. Electronic Publishing Services assisted in the development of the art found in this text, and Aptara was responsible for integrating all of the content into the digital environment.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-c8a959bbb14847629ed1ea1ce7cb2421" data-uuid="c8a959bbb14847629ed1ea1ce7cb2421">Who I am, as an educator and an author, is a direct reflection of what I have learned from my students. Education is a mutualistic relationship, and it is my honest opinion that while I am a teacher, both my professional and personal life have been enriched by interactions with my students. They have encouraged me to learn more, teach better, and never stop questioning the world around me.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-2972e2da62754036a1ed57e5237c3ac7" data-uuid="2972e2da62754036a1ed57e5237c3ac7">Last, but never least, I want to acknowledge my wife, Sandra. She has never wavered in her support of my projects, and is not only my best friend, but ultimate business partner. Devin and Kayla, your natural curiosity of the world we live in gives me the energy to want to make the world a better place.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-09951fbbf641460a9a5e80f67c4e72d5" data-uuid="09951fbbf641460a9a5e80f67c4e72d5"><b><i>Michael Windelspecht</i></b></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-80dc99d8b7b94782b18dc366ebe3dc9f" data-uuid="80dc99d8b7b94782b18dc366ebe3dc9f"><b><i>Blowing Rock, NC</i></b></p>
        <p id="data-uuid-d89d1806f55e4fae8167ae382cae2b84" data-uuid="d89d1806f55e4fae8167ae382cae2b84"><span><br />
        </span></p>
        <h2 id="data-uuid-46cb4f5855a0418daf5aba9e16cbe3c8" data-uuid="46cb4f5855a0418daf5aba9e16cbe3c8">Ancillary Authors</h2>
        <ul id="data-uuid-35b7a75381df4ea295edb91b13a78c33" data-uuid="35b7a75381df4ea295edb91b13a78c33" class="list-second-line-indent">
            <li id="data-uuid-176f2d4df7c946cd860a883cdc760d5e" data-uuid="176f2d4df7c946cd860a883cdc760d5e">
                <p id="data-uuid-63f0d582f46448f9aa84ffc18398b6e3" data-uuid="63f0d582f46448f9aa84ffc18398b6e3"><b>Appendix Answer Bank:</b> Betsy Harris, <i>Ricochet Creative Productions</i></p>
            </li>
            <li id="data-uuid-12d72f1d980c48b0be9d8fcdfdca6ff1" data-uuid="12d72f1d980c48b0be9d8fcdfdca6ff1">
                <p id="data-uuid-ee06dcf3794f433ea7cbc32ecba86294" data-uuid="ee06dcf3794f433ea7cbc32ecba86294"><b>Connect Question Bank:</b> Alex James, <i>Ricochet Creative Productions</i></p>
            </li>
            <li id="data-uuid-eceb7eb84fac4fccba7117fc8c0a7f3c" data-uuid="eceb7eb84fac4fccba7117fc8c0a7f3c">
                <p id="data-uuid-bae117f07ceb49f6af3c5e65aa206981" data-uuid="bae117f07ceb49f6af3c5e65aa206981"><b>Connect Test Bank:</b> Dave Cox, <i>Lincoln Land Community College</i> </p>
            </li>
            <li id="data-uuid-9157fc00d54749c2b9b72208f9c174e1" data-uuid="9157fc00d54749c2b9b72208f9c174e1">
                <p id="data-uuid-3d865cba92a842dca8babfac12a6eefc" data-uuid="3d865cba92a842dca8babfac12a6eefc"><b>Tutorial Development:</b> <i>Ricochet Creative Productions</i></p>
            </li>
            <li id="data-uuid-3eb113bbed144f3fb21fe76eb8cbb7cc" data-uuid="3eb113bbed144f3fb21fe76eb8cbb7cc">
                <p id="data-uuid-b3a0f340b0804c6d9d9a9efe605aaca1" data-uuid="b3a0f340b0804c6d9d9a9efe605aaca1"><b>LearnSmart:</b> Jeffrey Isaacson, <i>Nebraska Wesleyan University; </i>Patrick Galliart, <i>North Iowa Area Community College</i></p>
            </li>
        </ul>
        <footer id="data-uuid-23a724b3464d47a4859d6798744959e7" data-uuid="23a724b3464d47a4859d6798744959e7">
        </footer>
    </body>
</html>