<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<html id="data-uuid-8163d9b766fe4d83987a7e6088d53624" data-uuid="8163d9b766fe4d83987a7e6088d53624" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Credits</title>
        <meta charset="utf-8" />
        <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" media="screen" href="../../assets/css/main.css" />
    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/fonts/fonts.css" /><link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="../../assets/css/epub_main.css" /><script src="../../assets/js/habitat_platform.js"></script></head>
    <body class="card-front-matter card-credits">
        <header id="data-uuid-a02960055aba4d43b40e824935e487a9" data-uuid="a02960055aba4d43b40e824935e487a9">
            <div id="data-uuid-27334581c92f4004928b11c2306fe708" data-uuid="27334581c92f4004928b11c2306fe708" class="title-info">
                <h1 id="data-uuid-3ac6876db95f4684b26a5b7a82c2f3d5" data-uuid="3ac6876db95f4684b26a5b7a82c2f3d5">Credits</h1>
            </div>
        </header>
        <h2 id="data-uuid-e3806171738f406a867806246fb610cb" data-uuid="e3806171738f406a867806246fb610cb">Photo Credits</h2>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-fa4a2cf7deec417899e47d670f5f9d97" data-uuid="fa4a2cf7deec417899e47d670f5f9d97">Chapter 1</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-040e9a99b03d4dcc915da1b1f0d6043b" data-uuid="040e9a99b03d4dcc915da1b1f0d6043b">Opener: ©
            NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute; 1.1(leech): © St.
            Bartholomews Hospital/Science Source; 1.1(mushrooms): © IT
            Stock/age fotostock RF; 1.1(bacteria): © Science Source; 1.1(meerkats): © Jami
            Tarris/Getty Images; 1.1(sunflower): © Dave Thompson/Life File/Getty RF; 1.1<i>(Giardia)</i>: ©
            CDC/Dr. Stan Erlandsen; 1.3a: © Vol. 124/Corbis RF; 1.3b: © John Cancalosi/Getty Images; 1.4a(seedling): ©
            Herman Eisenbeiss/Science Source; 1.4a(tree): ©
            Photographer's Choice/Getty RF; 1.4b(egg): © David
            M.Phillips/Science Source; 1.4b(fetus): © Brand X Pictures/Punchstock
            RF; 1A: © Michael Freeman/Corbis RF; 1.6(paramecium): ©
            M. I. Walker/Science Source; 1.6(mushrooms): © Ingram Publishing RF; 1.6(orchid): © Tinke Hamming/Ingram Publishing RF; 1.6(fox): © Corbis RF; 1.6(archaea): © Eye of Science/Science Source; 1.6(bacteria): © A.B. Dowsett/SPL/Science Source; 1.8<i>(D.
            melanogaster)</i>: © Graphic Science/Alamy; 1.8<i>(M.
            musculis)</i>: © Steve Gorton/Getty Images; 1.8<i>(C.
            elegans)</i>: © Sinclair Stammers/Science Source; 1.8<i>(A. thaliana)</i>: © Wildlife
            GmbH/Alamy; 1.9b(students, both): © image100 Ltd
            RF; 1.9d: © Phanie/Science Source; 1B(Dr. Marshall): © Tony
            McDonough/epa/Corbis; 1B(bacteria): © Eye of Science/Science Source;
            1.11: © FLPA/Alamy. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-7a52af895aed466c936530008aa4ab18" data-uuid="7a52af895aed466c936530008aa4ab18">Chapter 2</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-31f90f910ce64f65a67e1d5fbcd455b8" data-uuid="31f90f910ce64f65a67e1d5fbcd455b8">Opener: © Liquidlibrary/PictureQuest RF; 2.3a: © Biomed
            Commun./Custom Medical Stock Photo; 2.3b(patient): © National Institutes of Health; 2.3b(scan): © Mazzlota et al./Science Source; 2.4a: © Kim Scott/Ricochet Creative
            Productions LLC; 2.4b: © Mark Kostich/Getty RF; 2.5b(salt crystals): ©
            Evelyn Jo Johnson; 2.5b(french fries): © PM Images/Getty RF; 2.8b: © Clerkenwell/Getty RF; 2.13: © Jeremy
            Burgess/SPL/Science Source; 2.14: © Don W. Fawcett/Science Source;
            2.15: ©
            Scimat/Science Source; 2.20b–c: © Purestock/Superstock RF; p. 36(woman): ©
            Comstock/PunchStock RF; p. 36(blood
            cells): © P.
            Motta &amp; S. Correr/Science Source; p. 36(man): © Suza
            Scalora/Getty RF.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-fa2be0b2949b4da78d6250c48ee9e6f3" data-uuid="fa2be0b2949b4da78d6250c48ee9e6f3"><br />
        </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-99d242089d3b43f2aa63398a48a26a22" data-uuid="99d242089d3b43f2aa63398a48a26a22">Chapter 3</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-88c3a55fc44d449d99a21b8265b3347d" data-uuid="88c3a55fc44d449d99a21b8265b3347d">Opener: © Bruce Dale/National Geographic/Getty Images; 3.1(blood cells): © Prof. P. Motta, Dept. of Anatomy, Univ.
            LaSapienza Rome/SPL/Science Source; 3.1(nerve cells): ©
            SPL/Science Source; 3.1(bone): © McGraw-Hill Education; 3.3a: © Ed Reschke/Getty Images; 3.3b: © Alfred
            Pasieka/Science Source; 3.3c: © Science Photo Library RF/Getty
            RF; 3Aa: ©
            Frans Lanting/Mint Images/Getty Images; 3Ab: © Dr.
            Gopal Murti/Science Source; 3.4a: © Alfred Pasieka/Science Source; 3.9(all): ©
            Dennis Kunkel/Phototake; 3.13(nuclear
            pores): © Don W. Fawcett/Science Source; 3.13(ER): © Martin M. Rotker/Science Source; 3.15(cilia): © Dr.
            G. Moscoso/Science Source, Inc.; 3.15(sperm): © David
            M. Phillips/Science Source; 3.20: © Keith R. Porter/Science Source; 3B: © C Squared Studios/Getty RF. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-55f6ab0cbb9344f0a5322a6346899eee" data-uuid="55f6ab0cbb9344f0a5322a6346899eee">Chapter 4</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-07019281a6a542f38ee4a2d83029020b" data-uuid="07019281a6a542f38ee4a2d83029020b">Opener: © PHANIE/Science Source; 4.2(all), 4.5a: © Ed
            Reschke; 4.5b: ©
            McGraw-Hill Education/Dennis Strete; 4.5c, 4.6, 4.8(all): © Ed Reschke; 4.10<i>:</i> © Eye of Science/Science Source, Inc.; 4.11a: © PhotoMix/Alamy; 4.11b: © James Stevenson/SPL/Science
            Source; 4B(Dinoire, both): © AFP/Getty Images; 4B(Nash, both): © AP Photo/Brigham and Women's
            Hospital; 4B: © Win McNamee/Getty Images News/Getty Images.</p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-66fea82985834b84add667f1be24ed98" data-uuid="66fea82985834b84add667f1be24ed98">Chapter 5</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-9ee9332a39784bc49e39935f6f7f718b" data-uuid="9ee9332a39784bc49e39935f6f7f718b">Opener: © Adam
            Gault/Getty RF; 5.2(left): © Ed Reschke; 5.2(right): © Biophoto Associates/Science Source; 5.3b: © McGraw-Hill Education/Professor David F. Cox; 5.4b: © Thomas
            Deerinck, NCMIR/Science Source; 5.5d: ©
            Biophoto Associates/Science Source; 5.6b– c(both): © Ed
            Reschke; 5.6d: © Losevsky Pavel/Alamy RF; 5.7: © Image Source/Alamy RF; 5A: © Biophoto Associates/Science Source; 5.14a: © Pascal Goethgheluck/SPL/Science Source; 5.15: © SynCardia Systems, Inc.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-13d09b7154054d10ba24d89803ca8fc9" data-uuid="13d09b7154054d10ba24d89803ca8fc9"><br />
        </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-3c5a08f3544e48a89a9018f469febe57" data-uuid="3c5a08f3544e48a89a9018f469febe57">Chapter 6</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-3b1b0b4e442a4528b63284af18f9bec2" data-uuid="3b1b0b4e442a4528b63284af18f9bec2">Openers: (main) © SPL/Science Source, (inset) © Andrew Syred/Science Source; 6.1: © Doug Menuez/Getty RF; 6.3a: © Andrew Syred/Science Source; 6.3c: © Ed Reschke/Getty Images; p. 119(sickled cells): ©
            Phototake, Inc./Alamy; 6.7b: © Eye of Science/Science Source;
            6A: © McGraw-Hill Education; 6B: © Keith Brofsky/Getty RF.</p>
        <p id="data-uuid-2ebbbe7cece84e64aca72828abb9bd42" data-uuid="2ebbbe7cece84e64aca72828abb9bd42"><br />
        </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-025cef06feff4b5b92826a072356096d" data-uuid="025cef06feff4b5b92826a072356096d">Chapter 7</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-bc0967e42e7a448e97fd67635ac9c2b7" data-uuid="bc0967e42e7a448e97fd67635ac9c2b7">Opener: ©
            ISM/Phototake; 7.2a: © Ed Reschke/Photolibrary/Getty Images; 7.2b: © Ed Reschke/Getty Images; 7.2c: © Ed
            Reschke; 7.2d: ©
            McGraw-Hill Education. Al Telser, photographer; 7.8b: © Dr. Arthur J. Olson, Scripps
            Institute; 7.11b: © Steve Gschmeissner/Science
            Source; 7.13a: © John Lund/Drew Kelly/Blend Images/Corbis RF; 7.13b: ©
            Digital Vision/Getty RF; 7.13c: © Photodisc Collection/Getty RF;
            7.14: © Southern
            Illinois University/Science Source.</p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-a23e5af475e1424ebe520c83952f1b5f" data-uuid="a23e5af475e1424ebe520c83952f1b5f">Chapter 8</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-32b07c4673c64de7b5d64754e32d549e" data-uuid="32b07c4673c64de7b5d64754e32d549e">Opener: © Itsuo Inouye/AP Images; 8.1b<i>:</i> © Dr. David M. Phillips/Science Source; 8.1c: © Steve Gschmeissner/Science Source; 8.1d: © Dr.
            Gary D. Gaugler/Phototake; 8.2: © CNRI/SPL/Science Source; 8.4a: ©
            Biophoto Associates/Science Source; 8.4b: © Cynthia Goldsmith/CDC; 8A: © KidStock/Getty RF; 8.10: © SPL/Science Source; 8.11: ©
            ISM/Phototake; 8.14(camel): © Nils Kramer/Gertty RF; 8.14(bats): © Chris Howes/Wild Places Photography/Alamy; 8.16: © David McCarthy/Science Source. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-b324ae45c03046a6922c6680c03c3d39" data-uuid="b324ae45c03046a6922c6680c03c3d39">Chapter 9</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-8ad3b491a2f247e08bc822ee8ed5e6e8" data-uuid="8ad3b491a2f247e08bc822ee8ed5e6e8">Opener: © Bubbles Photolibrary/Alamy; 9.5c: © Steve
            Gschmeissner/Getty RF; 9.6(villi): © Kage
            Mikrofotografie/Phototake; 9.6(microvilli): ©
            Science Photo Library RF/Getty RF; 9B(all): © Given Imaging, a Covidien
            company. Used by permission. The use of any Covidien photo or image does not
            imply Covidient review or endorsement of any article or publication; p. 183(couple): © BananaStock/age fotostock RF; p. 183(scale): ©
            Photodisc/Getty RF; p. 183(vegetables): © Photolink/Getty RF; 9.12: © Cole Group/Getty RF; 9.13: ©
            Photodisc/Getty RF; 9C: © Evelyn Jo Johnson; 9.15: © USDA, ChooseMyPlate.gov website; 9.16a: © Ted
            Foxx/Alamy RF; 9.16b: © Donna Day/Stone/Getty Images; 9.16c: © Corbis RF; p. 193(ChooseMyPlate.gov): © USDA, ChooseMyPlate.gov
            website.</p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-52fc926b5c1c4aea9d2db2b0c83b26ef" data-uuid="52fc926b5c1c4aea9d2db2b0c83b26ef">Chapter 10</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-0757b6eee3a64ea3abbed7e769dac996" data-uuid="0757b6eee3a64ea3abbed7e769dac996">Opener: © Image
            Source/Getty RF; 10.3: © Science Photo Library/Getty RF; 10.4: ©
            CNRI/Phototake; 10.5(lower
            part): © Ed Reschke; 10.9: ©
            Veronique Burger/Science Source; 10B: ©
            Martina Paraninfi/Moment/Getty RF; 10.13a: © Matt
            Meadows/Getty Images; 10.13b: © Biophoto Associates/Science
            Source. </p>
        <p id="data-uuid-239778741c5e4931980e201287209b23" data-uuid="239778741c5e4931980e201287209b23"><br />
        </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-d90bf369b1e3497eb00f88d7c0bf2de4" data-uuid="d90bf369b1e3497eb00f88d7c0bf2de4">Chapter 11</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-43430be0925a4d5ab1c9dea6b43742e3" data-uuid="43430be0925a4d5ab1c9dea6b43742e3">Openers (left): © McGraw-Hill Education, (right): © Biophoto Associates/Science Source; 11A: © AP Photo/Brian Walker; 11.3b: © James
            Cavallini/Science Source; 11.3c: © Ralph Hutchings/Visuals
            Unlimited/Corbis; 11.4(both): © Science Photo Library/Getty
            RF; 11.5a: © Joseph F. Gennaro Jr./Science Source; 11C: © Ian Hooton/Science Source; 11.11: ©
            AJPhoto/Science Source. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-e08cd69173bc49b686c06f08311cd0b8" data-uuid="e08cd69173bc49b686c06f08311cd0b8">Chapter 12</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-6db1b426290e40ed9158f61ce03e7910" data-uuid="6db1b426290e40ed9158f61ce03e7910">Opener: © Southern Stock Corp/Corbis; 12.1(hyaline, compact bone): © Ed Reschke; 12.1(osteocyte): © Biophoto Associates/Science
            Source; 12.4b: © Corbis RF; 12A: © Michael Donne/Science Source; 12.9a: © Gerard Vandystadt/Science Source; 12Ba–b: © Scott Camazine/Science Source; 12C(left): ©
            Corbis RF; 12Ca: © Susumu Nishinaga/Science
            Source; 12Cb: © Ed Reschke/Photolibrary/Getty Images; 12C(right): © Bill Aaron/PhotoEdit; 12.14b: © Tony Freeman/PhotoEdit. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-ee3ec5c9d1434466bc5488391325ed39" data-uuid="ee3ec5c9d1434466bc5488391325ed39">Chapter 13</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-06e2826d6b664f88b8f891e0e402ed9a" data-uuid="06e2826d6b664f88b8f891e0e402ed9a">Opener: © Erproductions Ltd/Blend Images/Corbis; 13.1a: © Ed Reschke; 13.1b: © McGraw-Hill Education/Dennis
            Strete; 13.1c: © Ed Reschke; 13.4(both): ©
            McGraw-Hill Education. J.W. Ramsey, photographer; 13.6(gymnast): © Corbis RF; 13.6(muscle): ©
            Biology Media/Science Source; 13.7: © Ed
            Reschke/Oxford Scientific/Getty Images; 13A: ©
            Thinkstock/Getty RF; 13B: © Justin Sullivan/Getty Images; 13.12(left): © Lawrence Manning/Corbis; 13.12(center): © Dr. Gladden Willis/Visuals Unlimited/Corbis; 13.12(right): © Corbis RF; 13A(boys): ©
            ImageState/PunchStock RF; 13A(teens): © Nancy Ney/Photodisc/Getty RF;
            13A(cyclists): © Getty Images/Stockbyte RF; 13C: © Focus on
            Sport/Getty Images. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-47be96ae52284086a05f20db7f081cf3" data-uuid="47be96ae52284086a05f20db7f081cf3">Chapter 14</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-68fdb3770016438a892120a015b323a8" data-uuid="68fdb3770016438a892120a015b323a8">Opener: © Peter
            Duddek/Visum/The Image Works; 14.2a: © McGraw-Hill Education/Dr.
            Dennis Emery/Dept. of Zoology and Genetics, Iowa State University; 14.2c: © David M. Phillips/Science Source; 14.5a: © Science Source; 14Aa: Drawing
            is from &quot;Histologie due Systeme Nerveux de l'Homme et des Vertebres. ©
            Instituto Cajal, Madrid, Spain; 14Ab: © David
            Becker/Science Source; 14.7a: © Karl E. Deckart/Phototake; 14.7d: © McGraw-Hill Education/Rebecca Gray, photographer &amp; Don Kincaid,
            dissections; 14.8b: © Colin Chumbley/Science
            Source/Science Source; 14.13(all): © Marcus Raichle; 14.14: © PASIEKA/Science Photo Library/Science Source; 14.18(both): ©
            Science Source. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-d067d2e023d64e9eb4b4247a56a7284a" data-uuid="d067d2e023d64e9eb4b4247a56a7284a">Chapter 15</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-36c465589ca0458ca82e6bae7db0b75e" data-uuid="36c465589ca0458ca82e6bae7db0b75e">Openers (both): © AP Images/Gene J. Puskar; 15.4b(both): © Omikron/SPL/Science Source; 15.8a: © Science Source; 15.9b: © Biophoto Associates/Science Source; 15A: © Pascal
            Goetgheluck/Science Source; 15.13: © P.
            Motta/SPL/Science Source; 15B(both): © Dr. Yeohash Raphael, the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.</p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-1f84819a49fc41db98b88622876f49a9" data-uuid="1f84819a49fc41db98b88622876f49a9">Chapter 16</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-1c43364da5ad4b1d928464355429f0dd" data-uuid="1c43364da5ad4b1d928464355429f0dd">Opener: © AP Photo/Evansville Courier &amp; Press, Brien Vincent; 16.8: © Associated Press/Ibrahim Usta; 16.9(hands): © Bart's Medical Library/Phototake; 16.9(man): © Yasser Al-Zayyat/AFP/Getty Images; 16.10a: © Bruce
            Coleman, Inc./Alamy; 16.10b: © Medical-on-Line/Alamy; 16.10c: © Dr. P.
            Marazzi/Science Source; 16.15a: © Custom Medical Stock Photo; 16.15b: © NMSB/Custom Medical Stock Photo; 16.16(both): © Shannon Halverson; 16.17: © Peter Arnold, Inc./Alamy; 16.18(both): © Victor P. Eroschenko; 16A: © McGraw-Hill Education; 16.21: © Evelyn
            Jo Johnson. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-1d0d56ce235f4c46932dfbec9d1d3afa" data-uuid="1d0d56ce235f4c46932dfbec9d1d3afa">Chapter 17</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-e8c68673e6e147be8f65a81364e23660" data-uuid="e8c68673e6e147be8f65a81364e23660">Opener: © UpperCut Images/Getty RF; 17.3b: © Anatomical Travelogue/Science
            Source; 17.4b: © Ed Reschke; 17A: © Getty Images; 17.8: © Ed Reschke; 17.14a: © Saturn Stills/Science Source; 17.14b: © Keith Brofsky/Getty RF; 17.14c<i>:</i> ©
            McGraw-Hill Education/John Thoeming; 17B<i>:</i> © Nancy R. Cohen/Getty RF; 17.16<i>:</i> © CC
            Studio/SPL/Science Source; 17.17<i>:</i> © Dr. Olivier Schwartz/Institut
            Pasteur/Science Source; 17.18a<i>:</i> © Bart's Medical
            Library/Phototake; 17.18b: © Biophoto Associates/Science
            Source; 17.18c: © Dennis Kunkel Microscopy, Inc./Visuals Unlimited/Corbis; 17.19: © Biomedical Imaging Unit,
            Southampton General Hospital/Science Source; 17C(left): ©
            Corbis RF; 17C(right): © David Raymer/Corbis; 17D(drug user): © Brand X Pictures RF; 17.20: © Melba Photo Agency/Alamy RF. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-7d9f90bba4bc4461b18f7ac10dea4f91" data-uuid="7d9f90bba4bc4461b18f7ac10dea4f91">Chapter 18</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-8b34eae7f3e7490eaeb138e6067ebf00" data-uuid="8b34eae7f3e7490eaeb138e6067ebf00">Opener: © John
            Slater/Getty RF; 18.1: © David M. Phillips/Science Source; 18.2(fertilization): ©
            Don W. Fawcett/Science Source; 18.2(2-cell stage): © Rawlins PhD/Getty Images; 18.2(morula): © RBM Online/epa/Corbis; 18.2(implantation): © Bettmann/Corbis; 18.6a: © Anatomical Travelogue/Science
            Source; 18.8: © James Stevenson/Science Source; 18.11: © Dr.
            Howard Jones, Eastern VA Medical School; 18.13c: © Rune
            Hellestad/Corbis; 18.14: © Image Source/Getty RF; 18.15: © Ronnie Kaufman/Corbis. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-a25fa08f70fa4127af74482f34c07c0f" data-uuid="a25fa08f70fa4127af74482f34c07c0f">Chapter 19</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-cd1a9b72057748ae99a653be8325eedf" data-uuid="cd1a9b72057748ae99a653be8325eedf">Opener: © Kevin Mazur/Contributor/WireImage/Getty Images; 19.1: © CNRI/SPL/Science Source; 19.5(top): © Scott
            Camazine/Science Source; 19.5(bottom): © Edward Kinsman/Science Source;
            19.8(prophase, early prophase,
            metaphase, anaphase, telophase): © Ed Reschke; 19.8(prometaphase): © Michael Abbey/Science Source;
            19.16a: © Scott Wintrow/Getty Images; 19.16b: ©
            CNRI/SPL/Science Source; 19.19b: © The Williams Syndrome
            Association; 19.20b: © Wellcome Image Library/Custom Medical Stock Photo. </p>
        <p id="data-uuid-b825eb04f57f4a808efd77c0ecbba38f" data-uuid="b825eb04f57f4a808efd77c0ecbba38f"><br />
        </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-844497cd71fa4980ba514c7e998edee3" data-uuid="844497cd71fa4980ba514c7e998edee3">Chapter 20</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-667f0c67045f42a987eb9b83a73b0aab" data-uuid="667f0c67045f42a987eb9b83a73b0aab">Opener: © Strauss/Curtis/Corbis; 20.1a: ©
            Biology Media/Science Source; 20.1b: ©
            SPL/Science Source; 20.1c: © Martin M. Rotker/Science
            Source; 20.8A: © Custom Medical Stock Photo; 20.8B: © ISM/Phototake; 20.8C: © Dr. P. Marazzi/Science Source;
            20.8D<i>:</i> © Custom Medical Stock Photo; 20.8E: © BSIP/Universal Images Group/Getty Images; 20.9(both)<i>:</i> © UHB Trust/Getty Images; 20.10<i>:</i> © BSIP/Phototake; 20.11: © Simon Fraser/Royal Victoria Infirmary/Science Source; 20D: © Obstetrics &amp; Gynaecology/SPL/Science Source; 20E: ©
            Visuals Unlimited/Corbis. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-c4a58768c94341c8ba4cc336ac0f3a09" data-uuid="c4a58768c94341c8ba4cc336ac0f3a09">Chapter 21</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-e1712c0f5c134aa08fcdc38fd9dc2720" data-uuid="e1712c0f5c134aa08fcdc38fd9dc2720">Opener: © Don Tremain/Getty RF; 21.2a(both): © McGraw-Hill Education/Bob Coyle; 21.2c: © Image Source/PunchStock RF; 21.2d: ©
            Creatas/PunchStock RF; 21.12(both): © Dr. Hemachandra Reddy, The
            Neurological Science Institute, Oregon Health &amp; Science University; 21A(both): © Brand X/SuperStock RF; 21.13: © University of Connecticut/Peter Morenus, photographer; 21.15: © Jane Burton/Photoshot; 21.16: © Ed Reschke; 21.17: ©
            Medical-On-Line/Alamy; 21.21(both): © Dr. Rabi Tawil, Director,
            Neuromuscular Pathology Laboratory, University of Rochester Medical Center; 21.21(boy): © Muscular Dystrophy Association. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-ad7c6757707242a69808b7ad9ed7c514" data-uuid="ad7c6757707242a69808b7ad9ed7c514">Chapter 22</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-51649deb11ed4cee863d3910466c315e" data-uuid="51649deb11ed4cee863d3910466c315e">Opener: © Mark Hatfield/Getty RF; 22A(both): ©
            Science Source; 22.11: © Science Source; 22.14a: © Lawrence Berkeley National Lab/Roy Kaltschmidt,
            photographer; 22.18a: © Maximilian Stock Ltd./Science
            Source; 22.18b: © Robert H. Devlin, Fisheries and Oceans Canada; 22.18c: © Joerg Boething/Alamy; 22.18d: © Jerry
            Mason/Science Source; 22.19a(all): © Monsanto; 22.20(both): © Eduardo Blumwald; 22.22a–c(chimp): © Digital Vision/Getty RF; 22.22a, c(human): © Getty RF; 22.22b(human): ©
            McGraw-Hill Education/Bob Coyle; 22C: © Deco/Alamy RF. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-c6ff313b59644bf5a76e16a2bd79e442" data-uuid="c6ff313b59644bf5a76e16a2bd79e442">Chapter 23</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-27b6e5d382fb45cbaade869158df8a9f" data-uuid="27b6e5d382fb45cbaade869158df8a9f">Opener: © Frank Vinken/Max Planck
            Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, Leipzig, Germany; 23.5(fossil): © Jean-Claude Carton/PhotoShot; 23.5(artist depiction): © Interstellar Illustrations/Joe Tucciarone; 23.7(sugar glider): ©
            ANT Photo Library/Science Source; 23.7(wombat): © Photodisc Blue/Getty RF; 23.7(kangaroo): © George Holton/Science Source; 23.9(both): ©
            Carolina Biological Supply/Phototake; 23.12(gibbon): © Getty
            RF; 23.12(orangutan, chimps, gorillas): © Creatas/PunchStock RF; 23.15a: © Dan Dreyfus and Associates; 23.15b: © John
            Reader/Science Source; 23.16<i>(A. ramidus)</i>: ©
            Richard T. Nowitz/Science Source; 23.16<i>(A. afarensis)</i>: ©
            Scott Camazine/Alamy; 23.16<i>(A. africanus)</i>: © Philippe Plailly/Science Source; 23.16<i>(H.
            habilis)</i>: © Kike Calvo VWPics/Superstock; 23.16<i>(H.
            sapiens)</i>: © Kenneth Garrett/Getty Images; 23Aa: © Peter Schouten/National Geographic Society/Reuters/Corbis; 23Ab<i>:</i> © AP Photo/Richard Lewis; 23.17: © Associated Press; 23.20: ©
            Tomas Abad/agefotostock/SuperStock; 23.21a: ©
            PhotoDisc/Getty RF; 23.21b: © Sylvia S. Mader; 23.21c: © Sue Flood/Stone/Getty Images; 23B: © Peter Bowater/Science
            Source. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-efcac267f4d74d1ab83e12b2f5feecac" data-uuid="efcac267f4d74d1ab83e12b2f5feecac">Chapter 24</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-9e81385ea4dd4a929b1f6f0f57d05045" data-uuid="9e81385ea4dd4a929b1f6f0f57d05045">Opener: © DLILLC/Corbis RF; 24.1(taiga): ©
            John E. Marriott/All Canada Photos/Getty Images; 24.1(temperate
            deciduous forest): © David Sucsy/E+/Getty RF; 24.1(tropical
            rain forest): © Digital Vision/Getty RF; 24.1(tundra): ©
            Alan Majchrowicz/Photolibrary/Getty RF; 24.2a: ©
            Francois Gohier/Science Source; 24.2b: ©
            McGraw-Hill Education/Carlyn Iverson; 24.2c: © David
            Hall/Science Source; 24.2d: © Corbis RF; 24.3a(diatom): © Ed Reschke; 24.3a(tree): ©
            Authors Image/PunchStock RF; 24.3b(caterpillar): ©
            Corbis RF; 24.3b(rabbit): © Gerald C. Kelley/Science
            Source; 24.3c(snake eating rabbit): © Derrick Hamrick/imagebroker/Corbis; 24.3c(hawk
            carrying snake): © Tze-hsin Woo/Getty RF; 24.3d(bacteria): © Image Source/Getty RF; 24.3d(mushroom): ©
            Denise McCullough; 24Aa: © Brian J. Skerry/Getty Images; 24Ab: © Jose Luis Pelaez Inc./Blend
            Images LLC RF; 24.5: © George D. Lepp/Science Source; 24B(left): © igor kisselev, www.close-up.biz/Getty RF; 24B(right): © Howard Davies/Corbis; 24.11b: © Russell Millner/Alamy; 24.13a: © Larry Lee Photography/Corbis RF; 24.13b: © Oxford
            Scientific/Photolibrary/Getty Images; 24.13c: © Sue
            Baker/Science Source. </p>
        <h3 id="data-uuid-a5def318c33f4703b016a09ceddbca90" data-uuid="a5def318c33f4703b016a09ceddbca90">Chapter 25</h3>
        <p id="data-uuid-55af527b43d548c4866c73fe8b8f4646" data-uuid="55af527b43d548c4866c73fe8b8f4646">Opener: © J. Emilio Flores/La Opinion/Newscom; 25.2c: © Tim Graham/Getty Images; 25.3(land): ©
            G369PhotoDisc/Getty RF; 25.3(water): © Evelyn Jo Johnson; 25.3(food): © McGraw-Hill Education/John Thoeming; 25.3(energy): © Photo Link/Getty RF; 25.3(minerals): © T. O'Keefe/PhotoLink/Getty RF; 25.4b: © Mark Gibson/Getty Images; 25.5b: © Carlos
            Dominguez/Science Source; 25.6b: ©
            L. Hobbs/PhotoLink/Getty RF; 25.7a: © Comstock Images/Alamy RF; 25.7b: © David Birkbeck/Getty RF; 25.7c: ©
            Stockbyte/PunchStock RF; 25.8<i>:</i> © AP Photo/Mark Gormus; 25.9a: © Bruno Barbier/Getty Images; 25.9b: © Milan
            Stojanovic/Getty RF; 25.9c: © View Stock/Alamy; 25.10a: © David R. Frazier/Science Source; 25.10b: © Inga Spence/Alamy; 25.10c: © Perennou Nuridsany/Science Source; 25.11<i>:</i> © USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service/Tim
            McCabe; 25Aa<i>:</i> ©
            USDA/Doug Wilson, photographer; 25Ab<i>:</i> © Norm Thomas/Science Source; 25Ac<i>:</i> © Pixtal/Age fotostock RF; 25.12a<i>:</i> © Corbis RF; 25.12b: © Glen
            Allison/Getty RF; 25.12c: © Danita Delimont/Getty Images; 25.12d: © Photo Link/Getty RF; 25.13a: ©
            LusoEnvironment/Alamy; 25.13b: © Piroschka van de Wouw/EPA/Newscom;
            25.15b: ©
            IT Stock/PunchStock RF; 25.16a: © Kevin Fleming/Corbis; 25.16b–c(both): © Peter Auster/University of
            Connecticut; 25.17(periwinkle): © Steven P. Lynch; 25.17(armadillo): © PhotoDisc/Getty RF; 25.17(boat): ©
            Tim Laman/Getty RF; 25.17(bat): © Dr. Merlin D. Tuttle/Science Source; 25.17(ladybug): ©
            Martin Ruegner/Masterfile RF; 25.17(rubber
            tree): © Bryn
            Campbell/Stone/Getty Images; 25B: © USDA/Lila De Guzman,
            photographer; 25C(jaguar): © Photodisc RF; 25C(turtle): © hotshotsworldwide/Getty RF; 25.18(deforestation): © Carlos Dominguez/Science Source; 25.18(overfishing): © Kevin Fleming/Corbis; 25.18(waste accumulation): © McGraw-Hill Education/Pat Watson; 25.18(erosion): © USDA/Nature Source/Science Source; 25.18(habitat loss): © Bill Zimmer/Associated Press; 25.18(air pollution): © Larry Lee Photography/Corbis RF; 25.19(farming):
            © Inga Spence/Alamy; 25.19(wetland
            preservation): © Peter
            DeJong/Associated Press; 25.19(recycling): © Jeffrey Greenberg/Science
            Source; 25.19(pest management): ©
            Perennou Nuridsany/Science Source; 25.19(temperature control): © Reuters/Corbis; 25.19(mass transit): © LusoEnvironment/Alamy; 25.20: © Photo
            by Erwin Cole, USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service; 25.21: © Diane Cook and Len Jenshel/Getty Images; p. 576(land): © PhotoDisc/Getty RF; p. 576(water): © Evelyn Jo Johnson; p. 576(food): © McGraw-Hill Education/John Thoeming; p. 576(energy): © Photo Link/Getty RF; p. 576(minerals): © T. O'Keefe/PhotoLink/Getty RF.</p>
        <h2 id="data-uuid-2285fa3ba736428392811a09e3ce61df" data-uuid="2285fa3ba736428392811a09e3ce61df"><br />
        </h2>
        <footer id="data-uuid-17bde7e27ad64c20976c83f38badb76f" data-uuid="17bde7e27ad64c20976c83f38badb76f">
        </footer>
    </body>
</html>